feat: support `buildCache.buildDependencies` configuration (#4540)
web-infra-dev/rsbuild: website/docs/en/config/performance/build-cache.mdx

  },
});
```

### buildDependencies

- **Type:** `string[]`

> - **Default:** `undefined`

Reviewer: Should we tell users that this array will merge with the default array?

Author: done

`buildDependencies` is an arrays of additional code dependencies for the build. Rspack will use a hash of each of these items and all dependencies to invalidate the filesystem cache.

> By default, Rsbuild will use your `packageJson`, `tsconfig`, `rsbuildConfig`, `browserslistrc`, and `tailwindcss` configuration files as build dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Rsbuild will use your `package.json`, `tsconfig.json`, `rsbuild.config.*`, `.browserslistrc`, and `tailwindcss.config.*` configuration files as the build dependencies.
```
